DOCSP-37112: Casts() method info (#2901)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/eloquent-models/model-class.txt

   :emphasize-lines: 9-11
   :dedent:

.. tip:: Casts in Laravel 11

   In Laravel 11, you can define a ``casts()`` method to specify data type conversions

>    instead of using the ``$casts`` attribute. The following code converts
>    the ``$casts`` attribute in the ``Planet`` model class to a ``casts()`` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   instead of using the ``$casts`` attribute. The following code performs
   the same conversion as in the preceding example by using a ``casts()`` method:
```

   .. code-block:: php

      protected function casts(): array
      {
         return [
            'discovery_dt' => 'datetime',
         ];
      }
   

>    To learn more, see the `Model Casts <https://laravel-news.com/model-casts>`__
>    announcement page on the Laravel News website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To learn more, see the `Model Casts are moving to methods in Laravel 11
   <https://laravel-news.com/model-casts>`__ article on the Laravel News website.
```

>    article on the Laravel News website.

Reviewer 2: This is now the default in the Laravel documentation: https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/eloquent-mutators#attribute-casting

I think we should link to the official docs instead of a blogpost.
